# Runsuite
a bash script for running the program and compare the result to that of the right one.

passing command-line arguments to the program being executed, the program can  be (optionally) provided input from standard input.
./runSuite suite.txt ./programToTest ./sampleProgram to test the program I write is right or not.

The argument suite-file is the name of a file containing a list of filename stems (more details below), the argument programToTest is the name of the program that is meant to be tested, and the argument sampleProgram is the name of the program whose behaviour programToTest is meant to match.
In summary, the runSuite script runs programToTest and sampleProgram on each test in the test suite (as specified by suite-file) and reports on any tests in which the output of the two programs does not match.
The file suite-file contains a list of stems, from which we construct the names of files containing the command-line arguments of each test. Stems will not contain spaces. For example, suppose our suite file is called suite.txt and contains the following entries:
  test1 test2
  reallyBigTest
Then our test suite consists of three tests. The first one (test1) will use the file test1.args to hold its command-line arguments, the second one (test2) will use the file test2.args to hold its command-line arguments, and the last one (reallyBigTest) will use the file reallyBigTest.args to hold its command-line arguments.
A sample run of runSuite would be as follows: ./runSuite suite.txt ./myprogram ./sampleProgram

The output of runSuite is changed to now also show the input provided to a test if the test failed. Assuming test test2 failed

the output generated by the updated runSuite is as follows:
Test failed: test2
Args:
(contents of test2.args, if it exists)
Input:
(contents of test2.in, if it exists)
Expected:
(contents of the output of running the sampleProgram for the given test) Actual:
(contents of the output of running the programToTest for the given test)
